# Fund That Flip Code Challenge

## Problem Description
Write an API that pulls a list of NEOs from the feed route provided by the service. The application should meet the following requirements:
- Data should be stored in a database (SQL or NoSQL)
- The application should pull data with a start date of 1982-12-10
- The application should convert all epochs to an ISO8601 timestamp (GMT)
- The application should only store imperial measurements (feet, miles)
- The application should treat the neo_reference_id as PII storing only the last 4

## Solution Description
This API comes in two parts: the Flask application and the collection Python script. The Flask app serves the main endpoint for receiving a POST request to being the data collection process. When a valid HTTP POST request is received, the collection script is executed. The request body should include an end date value in the format YYYY-MM-DD.
When the collection script is run, it will perform a number of checks. Is the end date argument provided? Is the end date format valid? Is there another collection script running at the moment?
If the checks are satisfied, it will then begin making requests to the NASA NEO API. For each NEO API request, only the start date is provided. By default when only the start date is provided, the response will return 8 days of data (since the start and end dates are included in the range). Any data from days after the end date are ignored and skipped. The data is processed to convert epochs to GMT timestamps, to only include imperial measurements (specifically miles), and to include only the last four digits of neo_reference_id. The data is then stored in a MySQL database table called neo.
Only one collection can run at a time. This is determined by a flag in a database record in the neo_load table. If a collection script is running, then the running value is set to true. If another collection script wants to start while one is already in progress, then it will check the flag and then exit.

## Files
- app.py
	- A Flask REST API application that primarily takes a POST request (with end_date in the request body) to execute the neo.py script
	- POST /collect = takes an end_date, passes it to neo.py as an argument before starting it up, and responds right away to let the caller know if the request to collect was received
		- 200 status code: another collection script execution is NOT running at the moment
		- 400 status code: another collection script execution is running at the moment
	- GET /online = just checks to see if the server is online and responds simply
- neo.py
	- Checks for the end_date argument; exits the script if invalid
	- Checks to see if data collection is already running by checking the database table neo_load; exits the script if data collection is already in progress (i.e. can only run one collection at a time)
	- Makes calls to the NASA NEO API to collect data and store them in a MySQL database
	- The database table neo is wiped at the start of each collection run
- setup.sql
	- The SQL queries for setting up the neo and neo_load tables
- config.ini (excluded)
	- config_example.txt is included as an example of what config.ini may look like
- app.log (excluded)
	- The log file generated by app.py
- neo.log (excluded)
	- The log file generated by neo.py
- .gitignore
	- Excludes .ini configuration files and .log log files# ftfneo